in some kind
and in the metaphysical state lived-were
1000 well 12 animals rat bull
tiger
rabbit dragon snake horse goat
monkey cock dog and pig
the relationship between these animals is very
uneasy
all like people someone loves someone
someone is friends
and drinking beer together and someone else
hate what's the reason for such hostility
About this we now and tell the first
couple of animals united mutual not
by love
this rat and horse cause their conflict
lying on the palm
the rat constantly carries the grain out
horse feeders second pair
this is a bull for each of them considers his
horns are the most fashionable and strong and therefore
they constantly butt them
the tiger clashes with the obnoxious monkey
why just she really loves sitting on
palm boldly rush bananas into a tiger
who likes it here's a tiger angry
feud of rabbit and rooster
has a romantic reasons a rabbit
jealous of the rooster
having such a huge harem and dreams
about the same here is where the bunny might
turn around with his abilities
dragons dog enmity because of jealousy to
the attention of people on the one hand the dragon
the most respected human animal but with
the other side is the most important friend
man is a dog and each one of them
wants to be the most-most in all enmity
pigs
change a very female pig very
jealous of slimness and snakes
and the snake is jealous of the lush forms of the pig
women
these are the stories I want to say
guys let's be friends